# CS-230 #
Name: Guilherme Pereira
<br>Date: 08/20/2021

### Description ###
The Gaming Room is a hypothetical client that wanted to turn a television game, **_Win, Lose, or Draw_**, into a web-game whre multiple users are able to play. The client has requested that each game, team, and player be unique from one another so that no copies exist. The client has also requested recommendations as to which system the game should be built upon, what operating platform the server side should use, and the development tools available for production.<br>

The one thing I believe I did will in this documentation was providing recommendations regarding the Windows operating platform. I've been using Windows more than any other operating system, so I am more familiar what it provides compared to Mac or Linux. However, I also believe I  gave a good comparison and representation for the other platforms as well, such as how Linux is perfect for server-side configuration and Mac is great to displaying high-quality images. The most helpful part of developing code when working through the design document was definitely writing and reading the UML diagram. It helped organized the idea I wanted to implement as well as understand what the client wanted. The one thing I wish I could revise further was my explanation on _**Operating Systems Architectures**_ and _**Distributed Systems and Networks**_. This is mostly because there were not a lot of reliable information online that I could use for research to understand what each operating system offered and how they compared. For the scholarly articles I did come across, most of them required background knowledge to understand some of the concepts explained for each operating platform, such as User and Kernal modes which I had no prior knowledge beforehand.<br>

User requirements are everything when developing an application. Without them, the program may not have a purpose and the user might ask for something different, which results in loss of time and resources. The user's needs usually defines the purpose of the program being built and encorporating them into the program correctly is important. Some of the techniques I would use in the future to design similar software applications would be to ask the client for further detail regarding some of their software requirements. I would also like to approach the design with how the future of technology is currently shaping, such as how most businesses are wanting to switch to cloud-based platforms and services since they provide more versatility and power than traditional operating platforms.
